>> Will Sentance: Let's
get it to production.
And actually, we don't need to dwell too
long on this cuz it's much like what we
did with our, well, same extension
we did with our fraud model.
So step one is what we spent
much of our time doing here.
Data exploration and
developing a prototype model, there it is.
We played with a small sample.
In practice,
we might have 100,000 images labeled,
and they might be actually
not 3 by 4 images,
but 1000 by 1000.
I'm gonna squeeze it in here,
1000 x 1000 pixel images.
Ooh, that's a lot of data.
They might be RGB with each red, green,
blue having a value 1 through 256.
That's a lot of data.
They might, as we just heard,
be pictures with,
>> Will Sentance: Funny orientations.
Step one,
understand the nature of the data and
get making it easier to work with.
Convert our 1000 x 1000.
Maybe we don't need all that data.
We saw we got beautiful
smiles just from our 3 by 4.
Convert this 1000 x 1000 into,
I don't know, 100 x 100.
Maybe we don't need three colors, maybe
we get much of the shapes by grayscale.
And maybe we only need a 100 different
values from dark or shadow to light.
And then certainly,
we could run an initial
stage where we orient all
of these faces to all be,
I didn't do that very well,
[LAUGH] to all be,
that really bad [LAUGH].
That's really bad,
neither of them went to their exact spot.
Well, they got better, but
to get them all being in the same,
that is horrible, sorry, no,
all being, it got worse,
all being in their same orientation and
size, just as Maria highlighted.
That's our pre-processing.
We did dimensionality reduction.
There are techniques to do that.
That is reducing the dimensions of
the image to make it easier to work with.
We did normalizing or augmenting
our data to align it each input.
Now what that's gonna require is that
when we're using this converter,
this model in inference for
our population as a whole.
For when we want to recognize an image
in production from a new picture,
it better come in at the same orientation.
We better as engineers be saying,
hey, excuse me, how have you
pre-processed the training data?
I wanna make sure that the images
that I'm passing to the model
in production are of the same
dimensions as the training data.
Does that sound less intimidating
a phrase now than it did before?
I think that's hopefully more
approachable at this point.
There's a huge amount of creativity
that goes into developing
what this neural network or
set of multipliers might look like.
We can add layers.
Adding layers would be the output
of these, which was 2,
2.4, or -2.4, -2.3 and 5.2.
Those outputs can actually be inserted
into a new set of multipliers.
In fact,
we could have this set of pixels or
12 go through 12 multipliers, and
then 12 different multipliers.
And then we could take
the output of both of those and
put them through two multiplying values.
And then we can take the output of those
and feed them all the way back in again.
That's called a recurrent
neural network where the output
of one layer gets fed back
in as the input of another.
That's a feedforward neural network
where the values only go forward.
A recurrent one, particularly useful for
what's called sequential data,
where the order of input matters,
like text.
Very well may want to have the output
of multiplying all of these values,
sorry, multiplying all our
pixels by these multipliers.
The output,
we may wanna feed it back in in some way.
Now obviously,
we couldn't feed it back indirectly here,
because one number can't be
fed into a 12-multiplier grid.
But suppose, as an example,
we had 12 grids of 12 multipliers.
So 12, one, another one, another one,
another one, another one.
And had all 12 of these pixels
go through one, output number,
go through the next one, different
set of multipliers, output number.
Next one, different set of multipliers,
output number.
We've now got 12 numbers as our output.
We could have them all go back through or
go through another layer
of 12 multipliers.
This is adding layers and
layers of complexity.
That's what's behind
convolutional neural networks,
CNNs there, that are particularly
tailored for image recognition.
And also transformers that we're gonna see
in a moment are profoundly important for
large language models.
We could also refine as we go through
this process our model design via
metrics on how they're
performing via hyperparameters.
Hyperparameters are the numbers that
go into the making of the model.
Not the actual model itself it gets used
to make predictions on new pictures,
but rather to come up with these
multipliers, like the learning rate.
We took a big old step of 1.
Do you remember we went,
make this one 1, -1, 1, 1, -1, -1?
Big old step in one go.
That was a huge step towards
finding the right conversion,
the right weights that maximize converting
our pixels into the associated labels.
But the learning rate is how
big a step we take each time,
cuz we don't wanna overshoot and
end up missing the best possible
set of multiplies for our sample.
Then we go into deploying
the model in production.
And here is where we have
to scale up to handle,
>> Will Sentance: Every edge case in our,
in this case, smile recognition model or
smile recognition neural network.
We might have not 100,000 images, but
we might have a million or more images.
To do this,
we have to distribute the steps we took.
And remember those key steps,
try up and down, up and down, up and
down, up and down, up and down,
each weight independently.
See whether for each of our sample images,
does it lead to it being converted
better or worse to the target?
If it does, then go up for
that, go down for
this, go up for our weights.
Do that all in one go, and
then do it all over again for
our entire sample again, and
our entire sample again.
Maybe we'll be dealing with trillions of
different checks that we have to make,
trillions of calculations,
quadrillions, beyond even calculation,
of calculations have to be made.
The chips that are perfectly tailored
towards doing that are our GPUs.
Our originally graphical processing units,
they're chips that are tailored to
doing lots of tiny, very basic math.
Multiply this by this, this by this,
this by this, this by this.
Then make a little tweak to this one.
Try this by this, all of these the same,
this by this, this by this.
That's very basic math, but so
many times you have to do it [LAUGH].
GPUs are perfectly tailored to that
because they were designed for
building accurate 3D environments,
make it feel real.
The key thing for that is,
where's the light bouncing off???
The physical space,
something called ray tracing,
where you look at, in modeling
a 3D space in a game, whatever,
where's all those individual beams of
light composed together as a light on?
But each of those can be considered
an individual photon of light.
And if you're modeling a space,
you're tracking each of those
lights photons in a 3D game, and
you're going, hey, it lands here,
then it's gonna bounce off here.
Do a little bit of small calculations,
work out which direction it bounces next.
Bounces here, bounces here, bounces here.
And you do that for
all of those rays of light, and
you get a 3D space that looks realistic.
Little equations, multiply two numbers
together, but trillions of them.
How lucky was NVIDIA that
the same type of math was
needed at scale for
training neural networks.
Little math calculations,
but infinite number of them.
They use GPUs and tensor processing units,
which are Google's kinda
proprietary version.
It's even more tailored,
particularly for working with matrix or
similar data structures.
Get it production-ready.
As before, get this set of multipliers.
A trained neural network will be
a set of values, 12 in this case.
There's your trained neural network,
maybe stored as a transferable Python
object, a pickle out of Python.
And then have the API deployed
that's going to take in the pixels
that you are ensuring fit the same
shape as the training data.
So the model's expecting them and
return out the prediction, smart or not.
And crucially, monitoring and periodically
retraining this neural network,
because that same idea of
the drift that we had for
our fraud detection model as our sample
and our population fall out of sync.
And there are techniques like SHAP,
S-H-A-P,
Shapley, who is a famous mathematician.
Additive explanations that
are designed to try to,
even though here,
even with these 12 weights,
it can be a bit of a pain in the ass
to try and work out what they're doing.
I guess you can see the shape, right?
The happy shape has a higher
positive numbers, sad shape has not.
But for anything more complex than this,
not a chance.
And to be honest, even here, why do
the eyes have like a negative weight?
It's hard to know.
And it works,
imagine any degree of complexity.
Shap or S-H-A-P is an effort to improve
interpretability of neural networks.
If you wanna use a neural network,
for example, deciding whether to
give someone an insurance claim or
not, or claim it's fraud.
You will need to be able to track at
least some sense what are the inputs,
what are the features that
mattered in the decision?
And it's trying to,
even in a varsity complex set of weights,
cuz one layer you could work it out.
Ten, you can't.
There are techniques,
and it's a massive part of machine
learning research right now,
to improve opening up the black
box of how the prediction is made.